Update to MP6 and JEE10 (#48)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-okd-crc: README.adoc

:page-layout: guide-multipane
:page-duration: 45 minutes 
:page-releasedate: 2021-06-22
:page-majorupdateddate: 2023-08-15
:page-description: Explore how to deploy microservices to a local OpenShift cluster running with OpenShift Local (formerly known as CodeReady Containers)
:page-tags: ['Kubernetes', 'Docker', 'Cloud'] 
:page-permalink: /guides/{projectid}
:page-related-guides: ['kubernetes-intro', 'kubernetes-microprofile-config', 'kubernetes-microprofile-health', 'istio-intro', 'cloud-openshift-operator'] 
:common-includes: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenLiberty/guides-common/prod
:source-highlighter: prettify
:page-seo-title: Deploying Java microservices to Red Hat OpenShift using OpenShift Local (formerly known as CodeReady Containers)
:page-seo-description: A getting started tutorial with examples on how to deploy Java microservices to a Kubernetes cluster on OpenShift running locally with OpenShift Local (formerly known as CodeReady Containers) using OpenShift Container Registry (OCR). 
:guide-author: Open Liberty

> = Deploying microservices to OpenShift cluster using OpenShift Local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Deploying microservices to an OpenShift cluster using OpenShift Local
```

== Additional prerequisites

> Before you begin, the following tool needs to be installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, install OpenShift Local.
```

> * *OpenShift Local:* You need to install OpenShift Local to run OpenShift 4 locally on your computer. For installation instructions, refer to the official https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_local/2.23/html/getting_started_guide/installing[OpenShift Local documentation].   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must install OpenShift Local to run OpenShift 4 locally on your computer. For installation instructions, refer to the official https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_local/2.23/html/getting_started_guide/installing[OpenShift Local documentation].   
```

=== Starting the virtual machine

Next, run the following command to start the OpenShift Local virtual machine and OpenShift cluster:

[role=command]
```
crc start
```

> When prompted, supply your user pull secret. The pull secret can be found on the page where you downloaded the https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[latest release of OpenShift Local].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supply your user pull secret at the prompt. You can find the pull secret  on the page where you downloaded the https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[latest release of OpenShift Local].
```

Save this output as it might be required later in this guide. 

=== Logging in to the cluster 

To interact with the OpenShift cluster, you need to use the `oc` commands. To build containers, you need a containerization software such as podman. OpenShift Local already includes the `oc` and `podman` binary. To use the `oc` and `podman` commands, run the following command to see instructions on how to configure your PATH:

[role=command]
```
crc podman-env
```

> The resulting output differs based on your OS and environment, but you should get an output similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting output differs based on your OS and environment, but the output is similar to the following example:
```

== Great work! You're done!

> You just deployed two microservices running in Open Liberty to OpenShift cluster using OpenShift Local. You also learned how to use `oc` to deploy your microservices on a {kube} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just deployed two microservices running in Open Liberty to an OpenShift cluster by using OpenShift Local. You also learned how to use `oc` to deploy your microservices on a {kube} cluster.
```
